docs: Add some FAQ entries (#7609)
videojs/video.js: docs/guides/troubleshooting.md

To fix this issue please make sure that all event listeners are cleaned up on dispose.

## Problems with setup options

> If a player is inititalised without the expected setup options, it's usually because of using both the `data-setup` attriubte and the `videojs()` constructor. Take this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a player is inititalized without the expected setup options, it's usually because of using both the `data-setup` attribute and the `videojs()` constructor. Take this example:
```

Reviewer 2: should probably be `initialized`

```html
<video-js id="my_video" data-setup='{"autoplay": "any"}'></video-js>

<script>
  const myPlayer = videojs('my_video');
</script>
```

> Here you might expect the player to be intitialised with the `autoplay` option set, but it will not be. While Video.js sets up player embeds that have a `data-setup` attribute automatically when the page is loaded, in this case the player will have _already been setup_ in the script tag. The `data-setup` option will never be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you might expect the player to be initialized with the `autoplay` option set, but it will not be. While Video.js sets up player embeds that have a `data-setup` attribute automatically when the page is loaded, in this case the player will have _already been setup_ in the script tag. The `data-setup` option will never be applied.
```

> This can be more confusing if `videojs('my_video')` is used in an async script as different behaviour will occur def=pending on when the script is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be more confusing if `videojs('my_video')` is used in an async script as different behavior will occur depending on when the script is executed.
```

It's better to not use `data-setup` and use the `videojs()` constructor once to set up the player, and/or only use the explicit getter `videojs.getPlayer('my_video')` to get a plyer reference.

> 

Reviewer 3: Typo: should be "... to get a _player_ reference."
